Franco,

I have done something that violates our code management scheme and
I hope I haven't gotten us in trouble.  I have worked on some of
the plot routines so make it more useful for my EVLA configuration
study.  The following is what I have done:

plotuv.f  Do not list stations, sources, and setup if doing a
          single source specified by KSRC.  This will occur when
          plplot is doing one panel per source.

          Removed JSRC and changed KSRC to source index in schedule
          list, not catalog.

          Some other changes.  For a while, I had it writing coordinates
          for some stations under some conditions, but I moved that
          function to plotsta.f.  But in the process, various
          things got changed.

          Moved the line line width spec etc out from the IF(COLOR)
          block.  The values were needed later outside of that block
          so, if COLOR was false, the values would get used in an
          uninitialized state.

plplot.f  Made changes to call PLOTUV once per source when there are
          more than one, but less than 23 sources.  A new panel is
          made for each source.

          Removed JSRC from calls to PLOTXY and PLOTUV.

plotxy.f  Removed JSRC and changed KSRC to name in schedule list.

plotty.f  Removed JSRC and changed KSRC to name in schedule list
          for calls to PLOTUV and PLOTXY.

plotsta.f New routine that makes two panels in a multiple source uv
          plot output.  The first has the source list with
          coordinates.  The second is a latitude/longitude plot
          of station locations.  This now functions, but needs
          some clean up like flexible lat/long limits (I've hardwired
          the ones I want for the EVLA study for now).  It might be
          useful to make it optional.  I might add an ability to
          plot vector files to get things like borders, roads etc.
          I will put this routine in my Sched directory for now.

Note.  JSRC should be removed from PLOTBM.  It is not used.

Let me know if you have been working on any of the above routines.
If not, please don't start until we've updated your versions.  If
so, we have some rationalization to do.

Happy New Year

Craig

