++VXDISK
--Called from VXWRT (obsolete)

                    -----------  WARNING  -----------
You have specified DISK in the TAPEINI section for one or more stations. This
VEX file can not be processed at the current time (2004 Jan 7). You must
schedule for tapes to produce a valid VEX file. For testing purposes *ONLY*,
parameter VEXTEST may be specified in the key file. Observations not requiring
a VEX file (e.g. VLBA correlated in Socorro) should *not* specify parameter
DOVEX in the key file.

++astropatch
--Called from CHK4DAR

The frequency setup you have specified is not allowed for a MkIV station.
Astronomical patching at MkIV stations is restricted such that odd numbered
BBCs can only receive signal from IF channels 1N and 2A, and even numbered BBCs
receive signal from IF channels 2N and 1A (also every setup must use at least
one of either 1N or 2N). Probably you have specified an 'IFCHAN', or you have
specified a 'BBC' and 'POL' combination that is incompatible with this. Try
using SCHED defaults instead of explicit setting of 'IFCHAN' or 'BBC'.


++slowdatarate
--Called from CHK4REC
--Called from CHKJIVE

You have requested a track bit rate below 4 Mb/s/track. This is not permitted
for recordings going to the EVN correlator at JIVE. If this experiment is going
to JIVE you can increase the track bit rate by either increasing the total data
rate or decreasing the fanout of the recording.

++barrelroll
--Called from CHKJIVE

You have requested barrel rolling. This is not possible for the JIVE correlator
at the current time. It is allowed for experiments to be correlated in Socorro
or Bonn. Testers *only* may specify MODETEST.

++ftpgap
--Called from VXSCH

You have requested an ftp (GRAB) scan. In order to copy the data from the Mk5A
disk to the system disk you must leave a gap before the next scan so that this
can be done before the next scan begins. The minimum safe gap, based on the
amount of data you have requested to transfer, is given in the messages above.

++oversamp
--Called from CHKJIVE
One or more of the channels in one or more of your setups uses oversampling.
Experiments going to the EVN correlator at JIVE may use a maximum oversampling
factor of 4. Higher oversampling factors cannot be correlated.

++end

