++VXDISK
--Called from VXWRT (obsolete)

                    -----------  WARNING  -----------
You have specified DISK in the TAPEINI section for one or more stations. This
VEX file can not be processed at the current time (2004 Jan 7). You must
schedule for tapes to produce a valid VEX file. For testing purposes *ONLY*,
parameter VEXTEST may be specified in the key file. Observations not requiring
a VEX file (e.g. VLBA correlated in Socorro) should *not* specify parameter
DOVEX in the key file.

++astropatch
--Called from CHK4DAR

The frequency setup you have specified is not allowed for a MkIV station.
Astronomical patching at MkIV stations is restricted such that odd numbered
BBCs can only receive signal from IF channels 1N and 2A, and even numbered BBCs
receive signal from IF channels 2N and 1A (also every setup must use at least
one of either 1N or 2N). Probably you have specified an 'IFCHAN', or you have
specified a 'BBC' and 'POL' combination that is incompatible with this. Try
using SCHED defaults instead of explicit setting of 'IFCHAN' or 'BBC'.

++freepatch
--Called from CHK4DAR

You have specified 'free' patching for a telescope with a Mk4 rack. This means
that you have bypassed all checks on the patching of the Mk4 rack. This mode is
intended for testing by MkIV experts only. The resulting schedule will almost
certainly not run on any standard telescope. Do not do this unless you are
absolutely sure of what you are doing.

++geopatch
--Called from CHK4DAR
You have specified geodetic patching (M4PATCH='GEO1') for one or more
telescopes. SCHED does not have a comprehensive model for geodetic patching,
but it appears that your requested frequency setup does not conform to the
normal geodetic station setup which has the following patching for each BBC
(VC):

BBC 1-2    IF1N low
BBC 3      IF1N high/low
BBC 4      IF1N high
BBC 5-8    IF1N high or IF3N high or IF3O high
BBC 9      IF2N low
BBC 10     IF2N high/low
BBC 11-14  IF2N high

low means that the top frequency of the BBC must be below 230 MHz, high means
that the bottom frequency of the BBC must be above 210 MHz.

Please check your settings for 'IFCHAN' and 'BBC' and your BBC frequencies.
Note that use of geodetic patching in SCHED is experimental.

++slowdatarate
--Called from CHK4REC
--Called from CHKJIVE

You have requested a track bit rate below 4 Mb/s/track. This is not permitted
for recordings going to the EVN correlator at JIVE. If this experiment is going
to JIVE you can increase the track bit rate by either increasing the total data
rate or decreasing the fanout of the recording.

++barrelroll
--Called from CHKJIVE

You have requested barrel rolling. This is not possible for the JIVE correlator
at the current time. It is allowed for experiments to be correlated in Socorro
or Bonn. Testers *only* may specify MODETEST.

++ftpgap
--Called from VXSCH

You have requested an ftp (GRAB) scan. In order to copy the data from the Mk5A
disk to the system disk you must leave a gap before the next scan so that this
can be done before the next scan begins. The minimum safe gap, based on the
amount of data you have requested to transfer, is given in the messages above.

++oversamp
--Called from CHKJIVE
One or more of the channels in one or more of your setups uses oversampling.
Experiments going to the EVN correlator at JIVE may use a maximum oversampling
factor of 4. Higher oversampling factors cannot be correlated.

++tsysgap 
--Called from VXSCH 
For most MkIV stations (e.g. most of the EVN) the calibration diode is
only fired during gaps in recording. Although the total power is
monitored continuously during scans, the calibration diode must be
fired regularly to allow these total power levels to be accurately
converted to system temperatures. It is recommended that, where
possible, you leave a gap in recording at least every 15 minutes to
allow the system temperature measurements. The gap should be at least
15 seconds, but you should also try to ensure that these gaps are long
enough that all the antennas are on source before the next scan
starts. Note that warnings about Westerbork and Arecibo can be safely
ignored because they have continuous system temperature measurements.

++tsysoffsrc
--Called from VXSCH
Note that although you may have left gaps during which the system temperature
can be measured at MkIV stations, one or more stations are still slewing at the
scan starts. System temperatures measured when the antennas are slewing are
unlikely to be useful. The time between useful Tsys measurements is therefore
likely to be longer than the recommended 15 minutes at the stations listed
above. Note that warnings about Westerbork and Arecibo can be safely ignored.

++warnbank
-- Called from VXSCH
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SEVERE WARNING
You have insufficient gaps in your schedule. Do NOT ignore this message unless
you are sure there will be no media changes or electronic transfer of your
data.

The problem is that one or more of your field system controlled
stations has continuous recording for longer than recommended. At
field system stations disk packs can only be changed during gaps in
recording. Also, long continuous recording leads to very large Mark5 files
which are difficult to transfer electronically. Gaps of more than 10 seconds
should be inserted every 22 mins at 2 Gbps (less often at lower rates).  Please
add some gaps to your schedule!  See sched.runlog for a list of affected scans
(may appear well before this message).  
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

++end

